Update - Improve repo JavaScript tooling (#8)
JeanChristopheMorinPerso/OpenTimelineIO-JS-Bindings: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> ## Summary of changes
> 
> Describe the reason for the change.
> 
> Add a list of changes, and note any that might need special attention during review.
> 
> **Link the Issue(s) this Pull Request is related to.**
> 
> Each PR should link at least one issue, in the form:
> 
> ```Fixes #123```
> 
> ## Type of change
> 
> Please mark the relevant options with an 'x'.
> 
> - [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
> - [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
> - [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)
> - [ ] Backfills tests
> - [ ] This change requires a documentation update
> - [ ] This change provides tooling improvements

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
## Summary of changes

Fixes #123.

Describe the reason for the change.

Add a list of changes, and note any that might need special attention during review. Help us understand what this pull request is changing and why it's needed.
```
?
